Is the underlined verb in the correct form? Michael has already been exercising several times today.|not correct
Is the underlined verb in the correct form? The teacher is been speaking for over an hour now.|not correct
Is the underlined verb in the correct form? Melissa and Joe have been knowing each other for seven years.|not correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of this sentence? Ron’s plane will have left when we arrive at the airport.|Correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of the sentence below? A: Would you like to go to lunch with me at 1:30pm? B: I can't wait that long! I'm hungry. I will have eaten by then.|Correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of the sentence below? The fans were angry at the call on the field because the referee hadn't been looking when the foul occurred.|correct
You shouldn't be surprised that I bought a new car. I had been thinking about it for a long time.|correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of the sentence below? I hadn't been going to my exercise class for the past few weeks, but yesterday I started going again.|correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of the sentence below? By the time we got to the theater, the movie has been playing for twenty minutes.|not correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of the sentence below? My computer is broken, so I have been thinking about getting a new one.|correct
Is the underlined verb in the correct form? A: Why do you look so tired? B: I have been studying all night.|correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of the sentence below? I fell asleep during the speech because the speaker will have been speaking for two hours.|not correct
Is the underlined verb in the correct form? The weather have been getting better since last week.|not correct
Is the underlined verb in the correct form? Our baby has been crying a lot every day. She must be getting a new tooth.|correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of this sentence? I told my boss that I will have been working as hard as I can every day next week until we finish the project.|Not correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of the sentence below? She hadn't been feeling well, so we just stayed home and watched TV.|correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of the sentence below? I don't know what we will have been doing next weekend, but I know it will be fun.|not correct
Is the grammar correct in the underlined section of the sentence below? After this song ends, I will have been sing for almost an hour.|not correct
