Can the adverb clause in this sentence be reduced? After the game starts, we can get some soda and popcorn.|No
Can the adverb clause in this sentence be reduced? Before my new job starts, I need to buy a suit and some shoes.|No
Can the adverb clause in this sentence be reduced? Because the baseball player was hot, he took off his shirt.|Yes
Can the adverb clause in this sentence be reduced? Since my parents are paying for my education, I need to make good grades.|No
Choose the original adverb clause for the reduced clause in this sentence. While living in Hawaii, my grandmother met several celebrities.|While she was living in Hawaii
Choose the original adverb clause for the reduced clause in this sentence. Not having any more work to do, I went home early.|Since I didn’t I have any more work to do
Decide if the reduction is correct for the original sentence. Original: While my father was studying at the university, he met my mother. REDUCTION: While studying at the university, my father met my mother.|YES, this is a correct reduction.
Decide if the reduction is correct for this sentence. Before I woke up this morning, I received 3 phone calls. REDUCTION: Waking up this morning, I received 3 phone calls.|NO, this is not a correct reduction.
Decide whether the following adverb clause can be reduced to start with Having + Past Participle. Because the teacher assigned too much homework the night before, she decided to give the students a break the following evening.|Yes—We can start with having + past participle.
Choose the original adverb clause for the reduced clause in this sentence. Having only one pair of glasses, Fred has to be careful not to lose them.|Because he only has one pair of glasses
Can the adverb clause in this sentence be reduced? Before we eat breakfast, we need to do some chores.|Yes
Can the adverb clause in this sentence be reduced? Because I hadn't brought my purse, my friend had to pay for my lunch.|No
Choose the original adverb clause for the reduced clause in this sentence. Having been on the table unrefrigerated for several hours, the chicken was no longer safe to eat.|Because the chicken had been on the table unrefrigerated for several hours
Choose the correct reduction. Since Bill drinks a lot of coffee, he has stains on his teeth.|Drinking a lot of coffee, Bill has stains on his teeth.
Decide whether the following adverb clause can be reduced to start with Having + Past Participle. Since she wants to go to Paris, Nicole is saving her money.|No—We cannot start with having + past participle.
Choose the original adverb clause for the reduced clause in this sentence. Having never tasted beef, Helen did not know whether or not she liked hamburgers.|Because she had never tasted beef
Choose the correct reduction. Because the doctor was meeting a new patient, she studied the patient’s chart carefully.|None of these is correct.
Can the adverb clause in this sentence be reduced? Since I moved into my new apartment, I have been busy unpacking boxes.|Yes
